# Hotel-Roberto
This repository is dedicated to a Luxury Hotel Website, which creates a virtual presence of Hotel Roberto.
Users can have a quick tour of the Hotel Roberto Facilities and services by visiting the particular sections of this website. 
The website contains multiple sections such as:- 

1. HOME - In this section user first get the welcome message by Hotel Roberto followed by a room availability section which lets the user check if there are available rooms or not. In addition, there is a testimonial section that reflects the previous visitor's experience. Moving Further, there is an amazing carousel section which presents hotel facilities like a swimming pool both indoor and outdoor and so more.
2. ROOMS - In this section users can select their desired room with additional facilities and details. In addition, this section also contains a book a room section by which users can book their with all the details like the number of guests and check-in and check-out date, also the most important price range section which let users select a budget-friendly room. 
3. About Us - This section gives a quick short intro to the hotel along with a tour video. 
4. Pages - In the pages section users can read blogs and directly navigate to a different section of the website. 
5. News- News section contains the latest and previously posted news by hotel groups regarding updates in hotels and many more. 
6. Contact - This section allows users to contact with hotel group with all given contact information. In addition, google navigation is also added to the page so that users can walk-in hotel for personal experience or further queries. 

The website is completely responsive and user-friendly, additionally, there are so many animations are added on every section which generates interest in users to spend more time on the website. 

------------- | NOTE | ----------------------
 This is a clone website for practice intention only. The Hotel Roberto website is originally designed and owned by colorlib.com. 
